[KOGITO-7278][KSW-Guides] Building Workflow Images with Tekton Pipelines (#333)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/quarkus/build-workflow-images-with-tekton.adoc

= Building Workflows Images with Tekton
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Building Workflow Images with Tekton
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers, tekton, pipelines

This document describes how to build a Workflow Application on a Kubernetes cluster using the Tekton pipeline.

.Prerequisites
You have a git repo containing your workflow and the dockerfile to build the workflow as a docker/podman image.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
If you are using Openshift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator. If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube]. 
If you are using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind]. If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes].
====
```

Author: ok

====

> If you are using Openshift you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator, if you are using Minikube you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Openshift you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator, if you are using Minikube you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube].
```

If using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind] on plain kubernetes cluster you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes]
====

> == Create The pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create the pipeline
```

Author: ok

> In the namespace `kogito-serverless-operator-system` where is deployed the Kogito Serverless Operator in the pipelines menu open the item Pipeline and go inthe create, copy the following yaml.

Author: ok

> It contains a pipeline to clone your image workflow repo, build the image anbd push to the local image registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains a pipeline to clone your image workflow repository. You can build the image and push it to the local image registry.
```

Author: ok

    - description: url of the git repo for the code of deployment
      name: git-url
      type: string
    - default: pipelines-1.9
      description: revision to be used from repo of the code for deployment
      name: git-revision
      type: string
    - description: image to be built from the code
      name: IMAGE
      type: string
  tasks:
    - name: fetch-repository
      params:
        - name: url
          value: $(params.git-url)
        - name: subdirectory
          value: ''
        - name: deleteExisting
          value: 'true'
        - name: revision
          value: $(params.git-revision)
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: git-clone
      workspaces:
        - name: output
          workspace: shared-workspace
    - name: build-image
      params:
        - name: IMAGE
          value: $(params.IMAGE)
        - name: TLSVERIFY
          value: 'false'
      runAfter:
        - fetch-repository
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: buildah
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
----

== Create The PipelineRun to execute the pipeline

> The next step is to create a pipeline run with the details of your git repo and the name of the image desidered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to create a pipeline run with the details of your git repository and the desired name of the image.
```

Author: ok

> in the Pipeline menu, in the item PipelineRun copy the following yaml replacing the placeholder with your values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Pipeline menu, in the item, PipelineRun copy the following yaml file replacing the placeholder with your values
```

Author: ok

i.e. `image registry available at image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/`

----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: PipelineRun
metadata:
  generateName: custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run
  namespace: kogito-serverless-operator-system
spec:
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
      volumeClaimTemplate:
        spec:
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
          resources:
            requests:
              storage: 500Mi
  params:
    - name: deployment-name
      value: <your-image-name>
    - name: git-url
      value: https://<your repo>.git
    - name: git-revision
      value: "main"
    - name: IMAGE
      value: "image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/kogito-serverless-operator-system/<your-image-name>:latest"
  pipelineRef:
    name: custom-workflow-image-pipeline
----
You can check the execution of the pipeline in the UI,
at the end your image will be available at:
image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/kogito-serverless-operator-system/<your-image-name>:latest

> == Create The PipelineRun with Tkn cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create The PipelineRun with Tkn CLI
```

> If you have installed the Tekton cli you can run the pipeline with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed the Tekton CLI,  you can run the pipeline with the following command:
```

Author: ok

= Building Workflows Images with Tekton
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Building Workflow Images with Tekton
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers, tekton, pipelines

This document describes how to build a Workflow Application on a Kubernetes cluster using the Tekton pipeline.

.Prerequisites
You have a git repo containing your workflow and the dockerfile to build the workflow as a docker/podman image.

[NOTE]
====

If you are using Openshift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator. If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube].
If you are using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind]. If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes].
====

== Create the pipeline

> In the `kogito-serverless-operator-system` namespace, where the Kogito Serverless Operator is deployed in the pipelines menu, open the pipeline item, create it, and copy the following yaml file.

Reviewer 2: Since into the requirements there isn't the Operator, I'll generalize suggesting to the user to select a namespace or creating a new one.
What do you think?

Author: ok

= Building Workflows Images with Tekton
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Building Workflow Images with Tekton
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers, tekton, pipeline

This document describes how to build a Workflow Application on a Kubernetes cluster using the Tekton pipeline.

.Prerequisites

> You have a git repo containing your workflow and the dockerfile to build the workflow as a docker/podman image

Reviewer 3: Maybe refer dockerfile as Containerfile (podman's default)?

Author: ok

and a namespace where to install Tekton i.e. `custom-namespace`.

[NOTE]
====

If you are using Openshift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator. If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube].
If you are using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind]. If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes].
====

== Create the pipeline
In the `custom-namespace` namespace, in the pipelines menu, open the pipeline item, create it, and copy the following yaml file.

> It contains a pipeline to clone your image workflow repository. You can build the image and push it to the local image registry.

Reviewer 3: will it clone a container image or the git repository to build the operator?

Author: It clone the git repo and then build the image with the dockerfile found in the repo, not the repo of the operator, this is for general images, but works in the same way if you use the operator git repo as a parameter

Author: ok

      name: deployment-name
      type: string
    - description: url of the git repo for the code of deployment
      name: git-url
      type: string
    - default: pipelines-1.9
      description: revision to be used from repo of the code for deployment
      name: git-revision
      type: string
    - description: image to be built from the code
      name: IMAGE
      type: string
  tasks:
    - name: fetch-repository
      params:
        - name: url
          value: $(params.git-url)
        - name: subdirectory
          value: ''
        - name: deleteExisting
          value: 'true'
        - name: revision
          value: $(params.git-revision)
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: git-clone
      workspaces:
        - name: output
          workspace: shared-workspace
    - name: build-image
      params:
        - name: IMAGE
          value: $(params.IMAGE)
        - name: TLSVERIFY
          value: 'false'
      runAfter:
        - fetch-repository
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: buildah
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
----

> If you use the Tekton dashboard on Minikube, Kind or on a Kubernets cluster, copy the content of the yam in the pipeline section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you use the Tekton Dashboard on Minikube, Kind or on a Kubernets cluster, copy the content of the yam in the pipeline section.
```

Author: ok

> I you want to skip the UI, save the content of the yaml, with placeholder replaced, in a yaml file called pipeline.yaml and execute

Reviewer 3: Which content?
The yaml that you showed before?

Author: Yep called custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml in the description and in the following sections

Reviewer 3: ok, maybe you could make it more clear do the reader does not gets confused?

----
kubectl apply -f pipeline.yaml
----

== Create The PipelineRun to execute the pipeline

The next step is to create a pipeline run with the details of your git repository and the desired name of the image.

> On OCP in the Pipeline menu, in the item, PipelineRun copy the following yaml file replacing the placeholder with your values

Author: ok

i.e. `image registry available at image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/`

----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: PipelineRun
metadata:
  generateName: custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run
  namespace: custom-namespace
spec:
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
      volumeClaimTemplate:
        spec:
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
          resources:
            requests:
              storage: 500Mi
  params:
    - name: deployment-name
      value: <your-image-name>
    - name: git-url
      value: https://<your repo>.git
    - name: git-revision
      value: "main"
    - name: IMAGE
      value: "image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest"
  pipelineRef:
    name: custom-workflow-image-pipeline

> ----

Author: ok

You can check the execution of the pipeline in the UI,
at the end your image will be available at:
image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest

> On Minikube, Kind or plain Kubernetes cluster you can install the Tekton Dashboard https://tekton.dev/docs/dashboard/

Reviewer 3: move it to link

Reviewer 3: e.g. link:{tekton_dashboard_url}[Tekton Dashboard]

Author: ok

otherwise save the content, with placeholder replaced, in a yaml file called pipeline_run.yaml and execute
----
kubectl apply -f pipeline_run.yaml
----

== Create The PipelineRun with Tkn CLI

If you have installed the Tekton CLI,  you can run the pipeline with the following command:

> ----

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
----

```

= Building Workflows Images with Tekton
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Building Workflow Images with Tekton

> :keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers, tekton, pipeline

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers, tekton, pipeline, ci
```

Author: ok

This document describes how to build a Workflow Application on a Kubernetes cluster using the Tekton pipeline.

.Prerequisites

> You have a git repo containing your workflow and the Dockerfile/Containerfile to build the workflow as a docker/podman image

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You have a git repository containing your workflow and the Containerfile to build the workflow as a container image
```

Author: ok

> and a namespace where to install Tekton i.e. `custom-namespace`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
and a namespace where you can install Tekton i.e. `custom-namespace`.
```

Author: ok

[NOTE]
====

> If you are using Openshift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator. If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube].
> If you are using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind]. If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you are using Openshift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator. 
+ If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube]. 
+ If you are using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind]. 
+ If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes].
```

Reviewer 4: I think this should be a section `Install Tekton pipeline` instead of a NOTE

Author: ok

====

> == Create the pipeline

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Create the pipeline

```

Author: ok

In the `custom-namespace` namespace, in the pipelines menu, open the pipeline item, create it, and copy the following `custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml` file.

> It contains a pipeline to clone your git repo, build the image and push it to the local image registry.

Reviewer 4: where to I find the pipelines menu ? which UI ? 
Can't I create directly via kubectl command ?

      name: deployment-name
      type: string
    - description: url of the git repo for the code of deployment
      name: git-url
      type: string
    - default: pipelines-1.9
      description: revision to be used from repo of the code for deployment
      name: git-revision
      type: string
    - description: image to be built from the code
      name: IMAGE
      type: string
  tasks:
    - name: fetch-repository
      params:
        - name: url
          value: $(params.git-url)
        - name: subdirectory
          value: ''
        - name: deleteExisting
          value: 'true'
        - name: revision
          value: $(params.git-revision)
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: git-clone
      workspaces:
        - name: output
          workspace: shared-workspace
    - name: build-image
      params:
        - name: IMAGE
          value: $(params.IMAGE)
        - name: TLSVERIFY
          value: 'false'
      runAfter:
        - fetch-repository
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: buildah
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
----

> If you use the Tekton Dashboard on Minikube, Kind or on a Kubernets cluster, copy the content of the yaml in the pipeline section.

Author: ok

> I you don't want to use the UI, replace the placeholder in the `custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml` (the previous yaml) and execute:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use the UI, replace the placeholder in the `custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml` (the previous yaml) and execute:
```

Author: ok

----
kubectl apply -f custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml
----

> == Create The PipelineRun to execute the pipeline

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Create a PipelineRun to execute the pipeline
```

Author: ok

The next step is to create a pipeline run with the details of your git repository and the desired name of the image.

> On OCP in the Pipeline menu, in the item PipelineRun, copy the following custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run.yaml file replacing the placeholder with your values.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
On OCP -> Pipeline menu -> PipelineRun, copy the following yaml file and replace the placeholders with your values.
```

Author: ok

> i.e. `image registry available at image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/`

Reviewer 4: what does it mean ? is that the placeholder ?

----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: PipelineRun
metadata:
  generateName: custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run
  namespace: custom-namespace
spec:
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
      volumeClaimTemplate:
        spec:
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
          resources:
            requests:
              storage: 500Mi
  params:
    - name: deployment-name
      value: <your-image-name>
    - name: git-url
      value: https://<your repo>.git
    - name: git-revision
      value: "main"
    - name: IMAGE
      value: "image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest"
  pipelineRef:
    name: custom-workflow-image-pipeline
----

You can check the execution of the pipeline in the UI,
at the end your image will be available at:
image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest

On Minikube, Kind or plain Kubernetes cluster you can install the
link:{https://tekton.dev/docs/dashboard/}[Tekton Dashboard]

> otherwise replace the in the custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run.yaml and execute

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Otherwise replace the in the custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run.yaml and execute
```

Author: ok

----
kubectl apply -f custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run.yaml
----

> == Create The PipelineRun with Tkn CLI

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Create a PipelineRun with Tekton CLI
```

Author: ok

> If you have installed the Tekton CLI,  you can run the pipeline with the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you have installed the Tekton CLI, you can run the pipeline with the following command:
```

Author: ok, added

> = Building Workflows Images with Tekton

Reviewer 5: Just to keep it consistent.
```suggestion
= Building Workflow Images with Tekton
```

:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Building Workflow Images with Tekton
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers, tekton, pipeline, ci

This document describes how to build a Workflow Application on a Kubernetes cluster using the Tekton pipeline.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer 5: For some reason this is not in bold.Likely because the next line is not a list.

You have a git repository containing your workflow and the Containerfile to build the workflow as a container image
and a namespace where you can install Tekton i.e. `custom-namespace`.

> .OptionalPrerequisites

Reviewer 5: Same here.

Tekton CLI:

> - On Openshift in the Operator pipelines is available a link to download the correct cli from the operaotr

Reviewer 5: Maybe add a screenshot?

> - On Minikube/kind/Kubernetes use this link https://tekton.dev/docs/cli/

Reviewer 3: move the tekton link to a var, e.g. tekton_cli_url
and refer here as link:{tekton_cli_url}[link].

== Install Tekton pipeline

> If you are using Openshift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using OpenShift, you can install the Red Hat Pipeline Operator.
```

Author: You **can** follow the easy path with the RH Operator or the hard path configuring manually the installation of Tekton

> If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link: {tekton_minikube}[[tekton guide for Minikube].

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link: {tekton_minikube}[Tekton guide for Minikube].
```

> If you are using Minikube, you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/developers/local-setup.md#using-minikube[tekton guide for Minikube].

Reviewer 3: move this link to a env.

Author: ok

If you are using Kind you can follow this {tekton_kind}[Tekton guide for Kind].

> If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this {tekton_k8s}[Tekton guide for kubernetes].

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you want to use it on a plain Kubernetes cluster, you can follow this {tekton_k8s}[Tekton guide for Kubernetes].
```

> If you are using Kind you can follow this link:https://github.com/tektoncd/plumbing/tree/main/hack[Tekton guide for Kind].

Reviewer 3: here as well, as the links are similar you can have, for example, the github link in a env and the remaining of the URI manually added.

Author: all moved to env

> If you want to use it on a plain kubernetes cluster, you can follow this link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/install/[Tekton guide for kubernetes].

Reviewer 3: same here.

Author: ok

== Create the pipeline

> In the `custom-namespace` namespace, in the pipelines menu on Openshift UI, open the pipeline item, create it, and copy the following `custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml` file.

Reviewer 3: Maybe rephrase: "open the pipeline item, create it" 
isn't these both options basically the same thing?

> It contains a pipeline to clone your git repo, build the image and push it to the local image registry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It contains a pipeline that will clone your Git repository, build the Container Image and push it to the local image registry.
```

----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: Pipeline
metadata:
  name: custom-workflow-image-pipeline
  namespace: custom-namespace
spec:
  params:
    - description: name of the deployment to be patched
      name: deployment-name
      type: string

>     - description: url of the git repo for the code of deployment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - description: Git repository url.
```

      type: string
    - default: pipelines-1.9
      description: revision to be used from repo of the code for deployment
      name: git-revision
      type: string
    - description: image to be built from the code
      name: IMAGE
      type: string
  tasks:
    - name: fetch-repository
      params:
        - name: url
          value: $(params.git-url)
        - name: subdirectory
          value: ''
        - name: deleteExisting
          value: 'true'
        - name: revision
          value: $(params.git-revision)
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: git-clone
      workspaces:
        - name: output
          workspace: shared-workspace
    - name: build-image
      params:
        - name: IMAGE
          value: $(params.IMAGE)
        - name: TLSVERIFY
          value: 'false'
      runAfter:
        - fetch-repository
      taskRef:
        kind: ClusterTask
        name: buildah
      workspaces:
        - name: source
          workspace: shared-workspace
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
----

If you use the Tekton Dashboard on Minikube, Kind or on a Kubernetes cluster, copy the content of the yaml in the pipeline section.

> If you don't want to use the UI, replace the placeholder in the `custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml` (the previous yaml) and execute:

Reviewer 5: I don't see any explicit placeholders in that yaml.

> If you don't want to use the UI, replace the placeholder in the `custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml` (the previous yaml) and execute:

Reviewer 3: instead using "replace placeholder", imho, it is better to use something like, "fill the required fields in the example file above and..."

----
kubectl apply -f custom-workflow-image-pipeline.yaml
----

== Create a PipelineRun to execute the pipeline

> The next step is to create a pipeline run with the details of your git repository and the desired name of the image.

Reviewer 3: Is it PipelineRun or pipeline run?

On OCP -> Pipeline menu -> PipelineRun, copy the following yaml file and replace the placeholders with your values.

> i.e. `image registry available at image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/`

Reviewer 5: Maybe clarify what is meant by this line.

> On OCP -> Pipeline menu -> PipelineRun, copy the following yaml file and replace the placeholders with your values.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On OpenShift -> Pipeline menu -> PipelineRun, copy the following yaml file and replace the placeholders with your values.
```

----
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1
kind: PipelineRun
metadata:
  generateName: custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run
  namespace: custom-namespace
spec:
  workspaces:
    - name: shared-workspace
      volumeClaimTemplate:
        spec:
          accessModes:
            - ReadWriteOnce
          resources:
            requests:
              storage: 500Mi
  params:
    - name: deployment-name
      value: <your-image-name>
    - name: git-url
      value: https://<your repo>.git
    - name: git-revision
      value: "main"
    - name: IMAGE
      value: "image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest"
  pipelineRef:
    name: custom-workflow-image-pipeline
----

You can check the execution of the pipeline in the UI,
at the end your image will be available at:
image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest

On Minikube, Kind or plain Kubernetes cluster you can install the

> {tekton_dashboard}[Tekton Dashboard]

Reviewer 5: I think this should be mentioned and linked earlier.

> On Minikube, Kind or plain Kubernetes cluster you can install the

Reviewer 3: or Vanilla Kubernetes

Otherwise replace the in the custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run.yaml and execute
----
kubectl apply -f custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run.yaml
----

== Create a PipelineRun with Tekton CLI

If you have installed the Tekton CLI, you can run the pipeline with the following command:

> ----

Reviewer 3: plase take a look in the other adocs and use the same patter for yamls, shell comands, etc..

tkn pipeline start custom-namespace-pipeline \
-w name=shared-workspace,volumeClaimTemplateFile=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator/main/tekton/volume/persistent_volume.yaml \
-p deployment-name=<your-image-name> \
-p git-url=https://<your repo>.git \
-p git-revision=main \
-p IMAGE='image-registry.openshift-image-registry.svc:5000/custom-namespace/<your-image-name>:latest' \
--use-param-defaults
----

This command returns an id to check the execution with the cli in this way
----
tkn pipelinerun logs custom-workflow-image-pipeline-run-<id> -f -n <your-namespace>
----

> At the end your image will be cluster's internal registry, like this example:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
At the end your image will be in the cluster's internal registry, like this example:
```

> ----

Reviewer 3: same here.

> ----

Reviewer 3: same here.
